are you ready let's do it
harmony potion is that going to be a big
problem
whereas if we can do that
Oh jump why do I use you why do I use
you've jumped we need you to stop using
that ability
what wait oh wait I can't
I didn't know that stuff was persistent
it's gonna be bad
whoa
whoa oh no what is this
Oh
Oh Lord there's a trick oh there's a
trick
dude
my god
Oh God
does it take I don't think it's taking
damage there
I'll shoot I'll shoot
oh ho I must be just getting nailed by
that five hit points yeah we got this no
problem no problem no problem
Oh God
the weight what's going on you know am I
really gonna beat this guy dropping out
up 43 points oh that was ridiculous
that was ridiculous what a fight what a
fight oh man that was crazy that was
great
good show renegade good show oh man this
is it yo This Is It this is it
watch she's doesn't have funny with this
week he gets up and he does like the
good shower ball and he does like the
DBZ powerup and then he's like now it's
for the real boss fight and then it
picks up with me in like 200 hit points
whoa Oh God
oh ho I was gonna be like you sound
what's really happening oh here we go
okay oh what's going on here dude
what hold on piecing together what
happened piecing together what happened
evil his spirit into me mmmm-hmmm no it
doesn't make sense I don't understand
what how